Copyright (C) 2024 Free Software Foundation, Inc.
See the end of the file for license conditions.


This directory tree holds the source code for Brogw, a lightweight
utility to route links to appropriate web browsers and profiles based
on user-defined rules.  This tool is particularly useful for users
managing multiple browsers or profiles for work and personal tasks.

The file INSTALL in this directory contains instructions for building
and installing Brogw on various systems.  Please read it carefully
before proceeding.

The file COPYING contains the GNU General Public License under which
this program is distributed.  Please read it to understand your rights
and responsibilities when using or modifying this software.

You can find a summary of new features and user-visible changes in the
NEWS file.

If you encounter issues while using Brogw, refer to the PROBLEMS file
for potential solutions.  For unresolved issues, please report them
via the project’s issue tracker or email the maintainer at
gnu@serghei.pl.

The configure script, which you generate using autoconf, adapts Brogw
to the specifics of your system.  Running it generates the Makefile,
which automates the process of building and installing the
utility.  See INSTALL for more details.

The file Makefile.am files are templates used by configure to generate
Makefile.

The file configure.ac contains the input for autoconf to construct the
configure script.

The file config/config.conf.example provides a sample configuration
file.  After installation, copy it to your configuration directory and
modify it to suit your needs.

There are several subdirectories:

- src: Contains the C source code for the Brogw application.
- etc: Contains example configuration file and desktop entry files for
  integrating Brogw with desktop environments.

Note: If you modify files like configure.ac or Makefile.am, you may
need to regenerate the configure script and Makefiles using autogen.sh
or autoreconf.

Bug Reports
-----------

Your bug reports are essential for improving Brogw.  If you find a
bug, please report it to the project’s issue tracker at
<https://github.com/sergeyklay/brogw/issues>, or email a detailed
report to gnu@serghei.pl.

This file is part of Brogw.

Brogw is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify it under
the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by the Free
Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or (at your
option) any later version.

Brogw is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT
ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the GNU General Public License
for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
along with Brogw.  If not, see <https://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.


NOTE ON COPYRIGHT YEARS

In copyright notices where the copyright holder is the Free Software
Foundation, then where a range of years appears, this is an inclusive
range that applies to every year in the range.  For example: 2023-2025
represents the years 2023, 2024, and 2025.


This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or (at
your option) any later version.

This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but
WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the GNU
General Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
along with this program.  If not, see <https://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.
